1. When the page initially loads the message "Please login to access this page." is displaying 3 times

2. attachment option should already be available when submitting request

3. the @ function for tagging is not working

4. The dashboard charts are missing

5. when scheduled status is selected there should be a calendar date picker that shows up

6. BRC Logo is not displayed properly

7. filter by request type is not included


1. When a request is submitted the scheduler and admin should be notified

2. The dates the requester chosen when submitting a request should appear in request details as preferred dates


1. Contact person field is missing
as well as 3 date picker is missing when submitting new requests

2. my property list CSV has 3 columns:
 Property Name, Address, Property Manager

3. When submitting a request once the property name is selected, it should autofill the address field and property manager field

4. when submitting a request, add field for tenant and beside that there should be a field for phone number, contact person field should also have a phone number field beside it


1. still no date picker showing up when scheduled status is selected

2. Calendar should also be visible to the requester but the requester only see his scheduled requests



1. should be able to select property when editing the request. Also, it should still auto fill the address and property manager.

2. put red * on the required field when submitting and editing requests

3. We need to add a property manager role. Property managers has the same ability as a requester, but the property manager is notified when the property assigned to them has a request with "Quote sent" status. When the request is on "Quote sent" status only the property manager assigned to the property has the option to "approve" or "decline" the quote.

4. The tagging function on the note section is still not working as it should.



1. the preferred date option disappeared again from the edit request page

2. the property manager role should only see request on one of his/her property

3. the property manager is not being notified when the status changed to quote sent

4. the approve and decline option is not present

5. the red * on the required field is not present

6. the tagging functionality on the notes section is still not working


1. Request Details page should also show the property manager info




1. The edit request "property" field should have the same properties as the "property" field in the new request

2. The Edit request should also show who the property manager is

3. Unit number should not be required

4. Chart for request by properties

5. Chart for request by requester

6. There should be a separate field for Approved status in the request details, and it should only show up when a property manager approves or declines a quote.

7. Admin and Scheduler should not have the option to update the status to approve or decline

8. there should be another status in the dashboard for approve and decline

9. the tag user function is still not working




1. Red * should be in line with the text

2. The edit request page should look exactly like the new request page

3. Admin and scheduler should not have the option approved or quote declined in the request details page

4. There should be a dedicated field like "Quote Approval" for approved or declined status in the request details field when the property manager approve or declined.

5. Dashboard should have Total Requests, New, Open, Pending, Scheduled, Completed, Cancelled, Approved, Declined

6. Chart for request by properties

7. Chart for request by requester

8. Tagging functionality in the notes is still not working


1. requester should no longer have the ability to edit completed and declined statuses

2. Admin and scheduler should have "all requests" menu on the side

3. charts for "request by properties" and "request by requester" so we can get a first glance on which properties most request are coming from and we will also know who frequently submit a request

4. Admin and Scheduler should not have the options "Approved" and "Quote declined" in the dropdown menu 

5. Dashboard should have the following status overview; Total Requests, New, Open, Pending, Scheduled, Completed, Cancelled, Approved, Declined

6. There should be like "Quote Approval" section in the request details page for approved or declined status when the property manager approves or declines.

7. All users should be able to mention users within the system in the notes. if a user is mentioned, they will be able to see the request



1. "All Rrequests" should be separated from the "Dashboard"

2. The Status texts in the dashboard should fit the box

3. charts should only use whole numbers

4. Admin and Scheduler should not have the options "Approved" and "Quote declined" in the dropdown menu in the request details page

5. Request details should also show who the property manager is

6. A "Quote approval" section should appear and display "Approved" or "Declined" in the request details when the property manager approves or decline

7. tagging a user in the notes still does not work


Changes on statuses:
New = (newly submitted never been viewed)
Open = New request that was viewed
Pending
Closed
Cancel

additional feature (tags):
Approved - PM can mark a request as approved when quote is approved by PM
Declined - PM can mark a request as Declined  when quote is approved by P
Waiting Approval - PM can mark a request as Waiting Approval
Completed - PM or Requester can mark a request as completed
Go-back


****completed tag still persist even when the ticket is re-opened

================
1. Superuser ability to edit properties and assign property managers

